2014 11_Meeting

Michal Čihař edited this page Apr 18, 2016 · 4 revisions
Clone this wiki locally

See also the 2014-11 Meeting IRC Log.

Version 4.3

Agenda

Let's talk about the progress on the two issues mentioned during last meeting.

--Lem9 15:00, 29 October 2014 (CET)

Meeting

There were two issues blocking 4.3:

  • Slowness related to PMA_String

This is resolved

  • Poor performance on servers with thousands of databases relating to information_schema

Madhura has completed improvements to both root and non-root users in these scenarios and feels this issue is ready for 4.3.0-alpha.

There is an additional concern about a recent bug ticket item where a user had more than 4000 databases in a group; the suggestion to disable grouping works but Madhura will consider work on an additional warning.

The release team will work on releasing 4.3.0-alpha. Isaac is compiling release notes as usual.

GSoC 2015 org admin

Agenda

Who would like to be the organization administrator for GSoC 2015?

--Lem9 15:00, 29 October 2014 (CET)

Meeting

Michal will fill this role again with Atul as the backup/assistant.

These two will begin to update the wiki pages for Google Summer of Code 2015

Tester role

Agenda

Does someone want to be an official tester for our code under HHVM, and also for new MySQL releases and features?

--Lem9 15:00, 29 October 2014 (CET)

Meeting

Chirayu will begin some tests and fill this role.

Scrutinizer and code duplication

Agenda

I have noticed some false code duplication reports from Scrutinizer. Any volunteer to report this to the Scrutinizer team and do the follow-up?

--Lem9 15:00, 29 October 2014 (CET)

Meeting

Madhura has volunteered for this.

Designer icons

Agenda

Target: version 4.4

Each time I enter the Designer, I stare at a bunch of icons. In a GSoC project, we conducted a usability test that showed that it is better to show the icon and text by default. I suggest to do the same in the Designer. It could be done using menu levels (for example, page management as level 1) and moving icons less often used (like angular links, snap to grid, etc) under something like Options.

--Lem9 13:53, 4 November 2014 (CET)

Meeting

The team agrees this is a good idea. Marc will create a feature request; it will target 4.4 as 4.3 is pretty much frozen for new features at this point.

Feature request: https://sourceforge.net/p/phpmyadmin/feature-requests/1558/

Page-related settings

Agenda

We have a centralized Settings page with sub-pages. How about adding a way to quickly reach the settings related to a feature, on this feature's page? Maybe just a subset of these settings could be shown.

There are also other ways to set options. In Browse, we have Options, and other remembered settings like column visibility, column sorting and order of display. I am not sure if these mechanisms should be integrated or not to the new way.

Finally, if this idea is worth implementing, would it occupy a student for 12 weeks?

--Lem9 12:06, 8 November 2014 (CET)

Meeting

Everyone seems to think this is a worthy idea. Marc will create a feature request item where further discussion can occur. However, it is agreed that this is probably only a half-term project and should be combined with another task to fill 12 weeks.

Feature request: https://sourceforge.net/p/phpmyadmin/feature-requests/1559/

There was some further discussion about additional ideas and improving themes; no decisions were made and most discussion will continue in the tracker.

Category:Meetings